# Group-Assignment
#
QUESTION ONE:
Create a java project, name it methods_in_java, in the project create a package named java_methods and in the package, create a class and named methods. 
b. in the classmethods, write a method that asks user to enter three numbers, using if statement determine the largest number, the smallest number and display the results in the following format. 
The smallest number: ?
The largest number  number: ?
? is your largest and ? smallest number.

QUESTION 2:
Create a java project, package and class. In the class, write a method that asks a lecturer to enter marks for three units, java programming, networking and maths. The method should compute the average marks for three units and output the data in the following format. 

marks for java programming is: ?
marks for networking is: ?
marks for maths is: ?
the average is: ?

QUESTION 3:
Write a method that asks user to enter the year, the program should check if  the year is a leap year, and output the text the year you entered is a leap year. 

Create a java project, a package and a class, in the class, write a program to calculate the area of a triangle. The program should have thee non-static methods:
One of the methods should ask the user to enter the base and the height of a triangle.
The other method should compute the area of the rectangle.
The other method should output the calculated area of the triangle an display it to the user.
QUESTION 4
Create a java program that has one non-static method, two static methods and a constructor.

Question one: [15 marks] 
    a. A prime number is a number that is evenly divisible only by itself and 1. For example, the number 5 is prime because it can be evenly divided only by 1 and 5. The number 6, however, is not prime because it can be divided evenly by 1, 2, 4, and 6. 
Write a method named isPrime, which takes an integer as an argument and returns true if the argument is a prime number, or false otherwise. Also write main method that displays prime numbers between 1 to 500. 

    b. Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ... 
    c. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, write a Java method to find the sum of all the even- valued terms. 
Question two: [15 marks] 
A palindrome number is a number that remain the same when read from behind or front ( a number that is equal to reverse of number) for example, 353 is palindrome because reverse of 353 is 353 (you see the number remains the same). But a number like 591 is not palindrome because reverse of 591 is 195 which is not equal to 591. Write Java program to check if a number entered by the user is palindrome or not. You should provide the user with a GUI interface to enter the number and display the results on the same interface. 
Question three: [15 marks] 
Write a Java program that takes 15 values of type integer as inputs from user, store the values in an array. 
a) Print the values stored in the array on screen.
b) Ask user to enter a number, check if that number (entered by user) is present in array 
or not. If it is present print, “the number found at index (index of the number) ” and the text “number not found in this array” 
c) Create another array, copy all the elements from the existing array to the new array but in reverse order. Now print the elements of the new array on the screen 
d) Get the sum and product of all elements of your array. Print product and the sum each on its own line. 

